## 7.19

The science group encoded the gene into the tabacol to produce industorial proteins. It has at least four advantages:

1. It won’t hurt the plants. The encoded gene will not bring illness to the tabacol and it will not hampered the growth of the plants.
2. It is a more economical ways to get those industrial proteins, as it is cheaper to plant the tabacol than cultivate the geast in the laborary.
3. It is safe for the nature. The genes were encoded into the pol-plus which will not pass to the future generations(descendant).



## 7.21

The research group what to find out what caused the Ant’s “Death Grip”.  It refers to the strange behavior when the ant affected by the fungi. The researchers put the affected ants into the microscopic microscope and found there are many mystery particles either generated by the fungi or the ant itself. There particles make the mussul muscle of the ants contracted so hard that damaged.  But this kind of behavior is highly species specific which does not happend in other animals.

> The researcher dissected the jaw of ants to find out how the fungus hijacks the behavior of ants



## 7.22

The first one is that it totally changed how we understand the formation of the moon or our earth itself. This kind of rock may form from ocean of  lava which means the moon was not form from cold.

The second reason is more personal. Because of that rock the scientist met her husband. She was in a scientific group who in a committee that grant the sample from moon for scientific purpose. Her husband, at that time, was an astronaut of NASA. 

This kind of rock make two person on earth become a couple and changed our understanding about the formation of the planet.



## 7.23 The moon Rendezvous

The episode told us an essential/critical person/figure name John Holbowt who work for NASA before Armstrong sucessfully landing on the moon. His most important contribution to the mission is the idea of ”Lunar Orbit Rendezvous”. Base on the idea, the spaceship/command module have no necessary to land on the moon, instead, just sending a smaller craft to the moon. This theory had successfully made people landing on the moon, which, in return, can also be an inspiring idea for sending people to the Mars.



> The Moon Rendezvous, it *involves* sending a spacecraft into the orbit of the moon - and from there sending only a small, lightweight craft  to the moon surface, instead of the entire ship
>
> He *championed* what’s called "Lunar Orbit Rendezvous." The concept involves sending a spacecraft into orbit around the moon — and from there sending only a small, lightweight craft down to the moon's surface, instead of the entire ship.
>
> Engineer John Houbolt *pushed for* a smaller ship to land on the lunar surface while the command module stayed in orbit around the moon.



## 7.24 For Ants, the Sky's The Compass

This passage introduced the eyes of the ants, which involved using the polarization of the sunlight to detect the directions. It based on the fact that the sunlight is highly polarized and the sky has a unique pattern of polarization relative to the sun. The ant’s eyes just like a system with multiple facets of sunglasses which can detect the polarization pattern of the sky. The research group has modeled their eyes to test how accuracy it can achieve and found out it only has several degrees of error. It ~~has advantages~~ is a huge infrastructure as it is cheaper and more low-energy than traditional GPS ~~while can still reach several degree of accuracy of direction~~. It also have drawbacks, as it can only work in the daytime when the sunlight is available.



> Computer modeling *revealed* that insects with a celestial compass can likely *determine* direction *down* to just a couple degrees of error. 
>
> GPS has completely *transformed* how we *get around*. But other animals have long had their navigation systems *built right in*. Like ants, and bees. 
>
> the insects *have polarization built into* facets of their compound eyes. 
>
> You can think of it as *the equivalent of* having a little polarization directional filter over them, or lots of sunglasses pointed in different directions.
>
> her team built a sensor *modeled after* a desert ant eye, and put it under artificial light *meant to* simulate the sky. 
>
> Webb is now working on building a robot that can, like the desert ant, use light to get its *bearings*.



## 7.25 Tourist Photos Help African Wildlife Census

The scientist find the photos from the tourists can be valuable resource for wild animal studies. The thought came out when the scientist fail to track an animal but it was fortunately photoed by a local tourist. They also found the pictures came from tourists work the same as the traditional animal photograph and did even better to spot these rare animals like the wild cat.



> Photos snapped by safari tourists are a surprisingly accurate way to assess populations of African carnivores.
>
> Tracking wildlife is a tough job. *Take the case of* a one-eared leopard named Pavarotti. 
>
> Then, on the way back to camp, he *bumped into* some local tour guides and their safari guests… who'd had better luck spotting Pavarotti. 
>
> They then compared those data to the estimates they made with traditional wildlife biology *tactics*: camera traps, track surveys, and 'call in stations'—where they play sounds of distressed animals in the middle of the night, and see who *pops by*. 





## 8.11 Computer Tells Real Smiles from Phonies

This episodes introduced a new study try to distinguish the true smile and the fake ones. The researchers have analyzed the facial changing of different smiles by tracking the muscle shifts aroud the eyes, mouth and cheese. They find that the muscle shift 10% of the genuine smile than the posed ones. This results will help the computer to understand more about true and fakes smiles.



> Slight changes around the eyes are indeed a giveaway as to whether a smile is sincere or faked.





## 8.14 Planet archaeology

The researchers find a new method to get the history of our place of universe. Their method is based on the spectrometry of the fine particles in the ocean snow. They have found Fe 60 in those snow, which can be only produced by the SN explosion or nuclear reaction caused by the CR. By comparing the quantities of other isotope, they found the CR nuclear reaction can not produce all the Fe60, which means our planet was formed in a place where there used to be a SN remeants.

The reseachers wants to hunting for instellar dust in the snow of Antactica, which might hold the clues about our place in the universe. They want to find iron-60, which can be only primarily produced in two ways: by exploding supernovas or by cosmic rays zapping interstellar dust. But it’s also produced in nuclear reactions here on Earth, by bombs or nuclear reactors. By using other isotopic clues to screen out quantities if iron-60 produced by nuclear reactions and cosmic rays, they still had some iron-60 left over to account for—the stuff produced by supernovas. It told us the clues about the structure and formation of the unverse.

**Scientists found an interstellar iron isotope in Antarctic snow samples—which hints that our region of the universe may be the remnant of an ancient exploding star. ** 



## 8.22: Genomics

The community of genomics try to including more voice from indigenous people by training the indigenous scientists. Before, few things the indegenous people who contributed their DNA knew about the studies and their benifits. Now, with more indigenous people envolved in, the genomics study can actually do more things for the indigenous people.

**A program at the University of Illinois trains Indigenous scientists in genomics—in hopes that future work will be aimed at benefiting those communities**

> But many in the indigenous community who've contributed their DNA for science feel these types of studies are exploitative—and say they don't like being left out of the conversation.
>
> “I learned early on that that was the norm in science and anthropology up until recently.”
>
> This year’s SING workshop *wrapped up* earlier this month.



## 8.29: Graphene Garment Blocks Blood-Sucking Skeeters

**A small patch of graphene on human skin seemed to block the mosquitoes' ability to sense certain molecules that trigger a bite. **

> Mosquitoes are precision guided to their prey by plumes of carbon dioxide, heat and humidity. Sort of like how we follow our noses sometimes. 